YNU-94: Yellow SDK intro, add mermaid diagram, update landing page, styles and structure, add docs search. (#9)
layer-3/docs: docs/learn/introduction/what-is-yellow-sdk.md

All off-chain operations for applications happen on a Clearnode, which is a centralised but trustless execution layer. If a Clearnode provider doesn't meet the user's requirements, the user can easily switch to another one by reopening a state channel with the new provider. An ERC-7824 smart contract implementation arbitrates the relationship between users and Clearnode providers, providing methods for users to recover funds through a challenge-dispute mechanism in case a Clearnode becomes unavailable or malicious.

## Unified Balance

A Clearnode provides a unified balance to the user or application. This means if a user deposits 50 USDC on Polygon and 50 USDC on Base, their available unified balance is 100 USDC. This is the core feature that provides Chain Abstraction for both users and developers.

Additionally, the user can deposit funds on one chain and withdraw on another to leverage Yellow Network's clearing layer. This is possible as a Clearnode provider manages pools of funds on each supported network. These pools are dynamically adjusted by tracking inflows and outflows to meet supply and demand.

## Core Features

> Having said this, we can outline the main concepts of the Yellow Network and Chain abstraction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main concepts of the Yellow Network and Chain abstraction could be briefly summarised as follows::
```

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: What is Yellow SDK
description: Learn about the Yellow Network, SDK toolkit and its capabilities

> keywords: [Yellow SDK, Nitrolite, State Channels, web3]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keywords: [Yellow SDK, Nitrolite, State Channels, Web3]
```
